Amazon Prime is cracking down on shared
accounts the number of people in a
single household who can share one prime
account is down to is down to two
previously it was at four this looks
like to be the first step in maybe
maximizing profits for Amazon Prime it
looks as though Netflix and HBO are both
standing lose as much as five hundred
million dollars this year due to people
sharing passwords and I'm sure we all if
not we ourselves know someone who shares
definitely not us ya know why would we
do that that's immoral is it though
because they said we could they're not
really cracking down HBO said it was
cool I just assumed I was being immoral
by sharing an HBO password I do share at
HBO password and I share Netflix I was
kidding I know you're in trouble
I don't know my username yeah they do
know my username yeah they do but it's
interesting to see them actually do this
because previously the attitude has been
pretty lacks like you know sure whatever
just share with each other yeah it seems
like what they wanted to do was saturate
the market first that's why they're not
cracking down they want you to build up
this necessity for it so we need it yeah
and built into them yeah so built into
that dynamic is like I know what I'm
doing is bad mm-hmm so when they say
listen we know what you're doing is bad
too we know you like it by this time now
they've added the HBO now mm-hmm so that
you don't even have to I mean the reason
that was so frustrating was that some
people didn't want to have any kind of
cable but they got it so they could have
HBO and so that that was frustrating
they were paying for so much other stuff
that they didn't want or need now they
can just give you what you need what you
want we have services like sling TV and
PlayStation View that are allowing us to
you know people who are cord cutters I
say us all right I'm a cord cutter I'm
not well there we go there's the
difference you know have these channels
that we would like to watch more or less
Ella carte without having to buy this
whole cable plan which I I am opposed to
doing I feel like the I would just want
to share it for delivery yeah that's I
think the main thing that's way that
seems like the
thing you can police you know it's like
what what destination isn't going to
mm-hmm you know but uh I don't know I I
have Amazon Prime Univ Amazon Prime I do
not I think my girl my live-in
girlfriend and I both have our own
private gals what are you doing we're
stupid
you got us you got a cut one of them we
got a cut one of they have two of those
cords uh-huh I gotta get rid of one too
many cords I can't believe that they're
missing five they're losing 500 million
dollars maybe losing as much as five
hundred million dollars a year it may be
their estimates these are not hard
numbers it kills me that's such a big
number mm-hmm do you think it's only a
matter of time before HBO and Netflix
and other services where you would opt
in I honestly believe they're not doing
it already the ease with which oops a
friend of mine is able to use his
friends mom's password to get HBO go I
mean I know a lot of people with
somebody who's very distantly related to
them I mean not as by blood but like you
know my mom's friends my father's
brothers nephews cousins former roommate
that's it that's what baseball that's
real love
I don't know I I mean this could be the
beginning of the end of sharing accounts
or one low low price I wonder what our
what percentage of people yeah share
accounts like this well audience we
don't know do you think it's fair that
they would be cracking down on sharing
accounts or would you rather I mean
obviously you'd rather keep it but do
you think it's fair let us know below in
the comments and please be sure to
subscribe for more